  This project was made so we can make something that represent us using bit string. I chose the design I was doing based on some of my personal intrest.At the time and even now
I always enjoyed draing and designing things. This kind of represents it because it was meant to be a paintbrush drawing on some paper with a purple background which was one of 
my favorite colors at the time.This project in my opinion did help me with my overall learning experience as a computer science major because it allowed me to learn more about
how bitstirngs work and how they can be used to create something. It also allowed me to see more about how tech and art can come hand in hand, these fields of work are 
something that I always enjoyed seeing.The way I developed my work over time is starting my sketch and figuring out what colors I want to use. After I found colors similar to
the ones in my sketch, and made sure to add the rgb values. Then I made the rgb values into a bitstring and connected the bitstring into one big bitstring. This was the parts 
that went by fast, but actually running the program to make the bitstring was the hard part. This was because at the time there was only one computer running the program and 
when I did run the program it kept giving me a blank photo. I was able to resolve this with a bit of help and eventually got my finished project.Looking back something I 
probobly would have done diffrently is finishing this reflection on time, its something that has been affecting my grade greatly. In addiition I wouldve gotten colors that 
contrast eachother more diffrently for the background because now that I look at my design some of the colors barely look diffrent. If I was given an opportunity to further the
devolopment on my work I would change the colors of my design and make the colors contrast eachother more. In addition I think I would like to make the grid bigger so I can add
more details to the design to make it more obvious that its a paint brush.
